feat: delia docs (#820)
eigerco/polka-storage: docs/src/delia/index.md

<div class="warning">
    This project is under active development!
</div>

The Delia project is a complement to the [Polka Storage](https://github.com/eigerco/polka-storage) project, being the frontend for file upload to the network's providers.

## Getting Started

The stack aims to be straightforward and opinionated, using Typescript, Vite and Biome as the major development tools and React & Tailwind for the frontend due to their ubiquity.

### Prerequisites

- [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/installation) package manager
- A Polkadot.js browser extension with an account
- Sufficient funds in your account for creating storage deals

### Installation

```bash
pnpm i
```

### Running the Development Server

```bash
pnpm run dev
```

## User Guide

### Accounts

As a user, Delia will require you to use the Polkadot.js browser extension,
for testing purposes, we recommend you add Alice's account to your wallet,
the seed phrase for it is <sup><a href="https://stackoverflow.com/a/70518514">1</a>,
<a href="https://github.com/polkadot-developers/substrate-developer-hub.github.io/issues/613">2</a></sup>:

```
bottom drive obey lake curtain smoke basket hold race lonely fit walk//Alice
```

> If you're using your own keys, you will need to have funds available to perform deals.

Reviewer: Should we write how this can be achieved?
I think it's possible with either sudo balances pallet if you have Alice account or faucet.

Author: I've added link to the section describing how to get funds.

### Preparing a deal

#### Filling in information about your file

<img src="../images/deal-form.png" style="height: 300px; float:right;"/>

> - **Piece CID** — A unique identifier for your file, it is calculated with the `polka-storage-provider-client` tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Piece CID** — A unique identifier for your file, it is calculated with the `polka-storage-provider-client proofs commp` command.
``` + link to the command in the docs?
